[draft] Update Multiprocessing best practices with CPU device (#103229)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/multiprocessing.rst

            p.join()

.. __: https://github.com/pytorch/examples/tree/master/mnist_hogwild

CPU in multiprocessing
----------------------

> Inappropriate multiprocessing can lead to CPU over subscription, causing

Reviewer: "over subscription" -> "oversubscription"

Author: got it, I will replace all over subscription to oversubscription

Author: done

different processes to compete for CPU resources, resulting in low
efficiency.

This tutorial will explain what CPU over subscription is and how to
avoid it.

CPU over subscription
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

CPU over subscription is a technical term that refers to a situation
where the total number of vCPUs allocated to a system exceeds the total
number of vCPUs available on the hardware.

> This leads to severe contention for CPU resources, In such cases, there

Author: done

is frequent switching between processes, which increases processes
switching overhead and decreases overall system efficiency.

> Illustrate CPU oversubscription with the code examples in the Hogwild

Author: done

implementation found in the `example
repository <https://github.com/pytorch/examples/tree/main/mnist_hogwild>`__.

When running the training example with the following command on CPU
using 4 processes:

> .. code:: bash

Author: done

   python main.py --num-processes 4

Assuming there are N vCPUs available on the machine, executing the above
command will generate 4 subprocesses. Each subprocess will allocate N
vCPUs for itself, resulting in a requirement of 4*N vCPUs. However, the
machine only has N vCPUs available. Consequently, the different
processes will compete for resources, leading to frequent process
switching.

The following observations indicate the presence of CPU over
subscription:

> 

Author: done for all the oversubscription

generated, the maximum ``num_threads`` value used by each process would
be ``floor(N/M)``. To avoid CPU over subscription in the mnist_hogwild
example, the following changes are needed for the file ``train.py`` in
`example
repository <https://github.com/pytorch/examples/tree/main/mnist_hogwild>`__.

.. code:: python

   def train(rank, args, model, device, dataset, dataloader_kwargs):
       torch.manual_seed(args.seed + rank)

       #### define the num threads used in current sub-processes
       torch.set_num_threads(floor(N/M))

       train_loader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(dataset, **dataloader_kwargs)

       optimizer = optim.SGD(model.parameters(), lr=args.lr, momentum=args.momentum)
       for epoch in range(1, args.epochs + 1):
           train_epoch(epoch, args, model, device, train_loader, optimizer)

Set ``num_thread`` for each process using
``torch.set_num_threads(floor(N/M))``. where you replace N with the
number of vCPUs available and M with the chosen number of processes. The
appropriate ``num_thread`` value will vary depending on the specific
task at hand. However, as a general guideline, the maximum value for the

> ``num_thread`` should be ``floor(N/M)`` to avoid CPU over subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``num_thread`` should be ``floor(N/M)`` to avoid CPU oversubscription.
```

> In the mnist_hogwild training example, after avoiding CPU over

Reviewer 2: Should mnist_hogwild be a link? If not, then format as inline code:`mnist_hogwild`

Author: done
